Huhhu, oh, okay ah, let me change my position really quick.
ahm
I don't know what I do in Barrett's class. I just go.
I don't pay attention to her lectures, right? So I just do other homework I have.
I don't take anything physical, I do online work.
So she has like a key turn, so I'm gonna flash cards.
Or if I have something like to write, then I would do it.
But if I don't have anything else, I'll just go shopping. Yeah, I, I go shopping.
No, it's not lost
Not AliExpress, but I go to like different like, yeah, Amazon.
And I go like to different like stores with clothes.
Different cloth stores and then I like
Buy without *** and then I bookmark it so that when I get home I could open up an account and then I could order
Oh yeah
Cuz I'm too lazy to bring mine and my, my friend is borrowing my other computer.
which is more compact and smaller so it's easier to carry it.
Ha?
She's so gonna watch what's so
But we haven't watched anything yet. Not a single movie.
She made us watch small videos, right? But the thing, the thing is she said...
You can't sleep! So she gets really mad at us.
Hey, guys! Like
One to two hour movies?
Damn...!
She like sucked out all the good parts.
And she can build up bad parts for her like for us.
Like we haven't even gone to World War 2 just yet.
With we just finished ah The Great Depression.
And so we are probably moving on.
to World War II.
I mean, I feel like people should know World War II.
It's not hard. You should remember it from like Flores' class.
religion oh like in like their earlier periods
Yeah, there's like the second like great awakening and then there's like a
bunch of them, like from the Protestants to like everyone else.
Mm Yeah, probably, but honestly? ah.
I don't know. And she's not that bad. They're actually like a lot of them, it's just like if you know
what the history like the period is about then you can just kind of guess
Yeah.
Cuz, ah one of the MCQs, it was about the constitution and the amendment.
And I had them all memorized, and it was really easy.
Not all the amendments, but the ones important to the period, and like what the...
challenges were with them and it was really easy for me.
she's my highest grade right now. She's our worst teacher
Hernandez really?
Okay. I don't like her, but her class isn't bad.
But I wish that I had Owen's style.
Cuz, it sounds like O is a little easier on them.
I also teachers bad girl
What do you mean you want else to do?
You want a, why?
That's evil! That's
No, she hasn't done that yet because most of that we haven't had like
An MCQ, like MCQ.
There have been times where there's like three in a row, but that's about it.
oh she was like ha I got you
mm mm
So you know. I hear everybody in lane complaining about it
Cuz, they have all MCQ, FRQ, and then
have to do chapter quizzes.
thing is ah for seminar, we do like
A book we read it we take maybe like at most five quizzes about it
And then we just wrote an essay about it.
And...
Yeah, we're already doing a whole paper
Yeah. We have ah so there's like three parts to our game
So, there's the there's our one part one task one, which is a
group project where we each write an essay
with different topics about the same, like different perspectives about the same topic.
And then we do a group presentation.
And then ahm after that we do an individual essay with an individual presentation.
And then after that, we take the actual AP test, which is...
us reading a bunch of papers.